If you ever find yourself lost, check the maps scattered throughout the city, or the brochure Pedestrians spawn with.
Cars use gasoline - you can buy more at a Gas Station. This can be used in the production of molotovs, as well.
You can repair a damaged car by using a tire iron on it.
You can find a lockpick on certain NPCs and at the black market. Wits determines your chance to succeed, and doors have varying difficulty.
Discipline levels can be changed by right-clicking the discipline icon.
Players can use the "REPORT MASQUERADE VIOLATION" button in people's examine text to report any weird supernatural stuff, like vampires feeding in front of witnesses or punching people across a room.
You can parry melee attacks by clicking directly on the opponent with Grab intent. Successful parries will stun your enemy and potentially force them to drop their weapons.
You can block melee attacks by pressing C or BLOCK interface button. While blocking attacks you take Stun damage instead of Brute. Bare hands are weaker in blocking than any other weapon, and big items block much better.
You can jump around after a lengthy windup by clicking MMB or using the jump button. You can even jump over railings while standing next to them.
You can send announcements as the Seneschal by using your computer. Other Kindred can see it on other computers too.
You can find and publish your phone number on your phone.
You can bloodbond people as Kindred. To do so - grab them and force them to swallow your vitae with Give Vitae ability. Bloodbonds produce both obsession and loyalty in a victim, but begin relatively weak.
If you blood-bond an NPC, observers have the option of playing them as your ghoul.
Ghouls are weaker than kindred, and require vitae instead of mortal blood. However, they can still heal over time or through medical care, and are immune to frenzy.
You can Embrace the recently deceased by feeding them your Vitae, but beware the consequences.
If you are a mortal and do drugs, kindred can experience the same high by drinking your blood.
Shift-right click to open the context menu.
Alt-click a satchel to hide its sprite on your character.
Kindreds' minimum starting blood level is based on their Composure.
Characters with high Charisma can shift-right click a bouncer to talk their way into areas they're not allowed into.
Kindred can tell if another character is a Kindred by examining them.
A wooden stake can be used to paralyze a vampire, but is slow to use.
At two or fewer points of Vitae remaining, you risk a hunger frenzy. You risk frenzy more often the hungrier you are.
Your amount of time spent in torpor is based on your rank and your Humanity.
Auspex can be used on ATM cards to find the associated PIN.
Vigor can be used to overturn tables and break holes in walls.
All vampires and ghouls can heal themselves by spending Vitae. Older Kindred can spend more Vitae at once.
Covenant leaders require at least three endorsements from other faction members to play, but more is always safer.
Rats can be found in the storm drains off the river and the beach. Young Kindred and revenants can use them as a quick, if disgusting and embarassing, supply of blood.
Be careful what you say about the Prince. The walls have ears.
Press H while in hotkey mode to stop grabbing a victim and cease feeding.
Burning bodies in the church incinerator can help repair your Masquerade, though expect a lecture from the Lance.
